Update Etherscan V2 docs (#1510)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/config/etherscan.md

Configuration related to Etherscan, such as API keys. This configuration is used in various places by Forge.

The `[etherscan]` section is a mapping of keys to Etherscan configuration tables. 

> With Etherscan API V2, only Etherscan keys are valid, which can be used to access all similar explorers (eg BscScan/BaseScan/Polygonscan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Etherscan API V2, only Etherscan keys are valid, which can be used to access all similar explorers (e.g. BscScan / BaseScan / Polygonscan).
```
